Add super gaussian laser (#89)
LASY-org/lasy: docs/source/api/profiles/transverse/super_gaussian_profile.rst

Super-Gaussian Transverse Profile

> ===================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=================================
```

> Used to define a super-Gaussian transverse laser profile.
> 
> Super-Gaussian profiles are modified Gaussian-like profiles with a flat-top and a Gaussian fall-off.
> The shape of the profile is characterised by the waist :math:`w_0` and by one "order parameter" :math:`n`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to define a super-Gaussian transverse laser profile.

The shape of the profile is characterised by the waist :math:`w_0` and by one "order parameter" :math:`n`, where :math:`n=2` gives a standard Gaussian profile, and the profile converges to a flat-top when :math:`n` goes to infinity.
```
